Add more ADO docs (#48773)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/external_service/azuredevops.md

# Azure DevOps

Site admins can sync Git repositories hosted on [Azure DevOps](https://dev.azure.com) with Sourcegraph so that users can search and navigate the repositories.

To connect Azure DevOps to Sourcegraph:

1. Go to **Site admin > Manage code hosts > Add repositories**.
2. Select **Azure DevOps**.

> 3. Next you will have to provide a [configuration](#configuration) for the Gerrit code host connection. Here is an example configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Next you will have to provide a [configuration](#configuration) for the Azure DevOps connection. Here is an example configuration:
```
